# Coverage Graph Generator

This project generates coverage graphs using data produced by the AFL++ fuzzer. It processes the output from `afl-showmap` to visualize the execution paths explored during fuzzing, providing insights into code coverage and program behavior. For each input, a separate graph is created, and a merged graph is generated that combines all individual graphs, with common nodes highlighted for better visualization.

## Features

- Generate coverage graphs based on code coverage data that is generated by afl-showmap in HTML format
- Customizable graph styles and colors (You should modify the `template.html` file.)
- Interactive and responsive graphs for easy exploration

## Project Structure

- `merge_coverage.py`: Python script that merges and processes coverage data generated by AFL++ (`afl-showmap`) into a directed graph representing program execution paths.
- `example_1`, `example_2`, `example_3`, `example_4_curl`, `example_5_wget`: Example coverage data from AFL++ fuzzing runs.
- `template.html`: HTML template for generating visual coverage reports.

## Requirements

To install the required dependencies, run the following command:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

1. **Preparing Coverage Data:**, ...
1. **Merge Coverage Reports:**
   To merge coverage data and generate a coverage reports, use the `merge_coverage.py` script. The coverage data from AFL++ should be provided as input.

   Example:

   ```bash
   python merge_coverage.py 
   ```

   This will process the input examples and generate a visual coverage report using the `template.html` file.

2. **View the Report:**
   After running the merge script, open the generated HTML file (based on `template.html`) in your browser to explore the coverage visualization.

## Examples

The project comes with several examples:

- `example_1`: Coverage data from an example fuzzing session.
- `example_2`: Another coverage report for comparison.
- `example_3`: Additional coverage data.
- `example_4_curl`: Coverage from a fuzzing run on `curl`.
- `example_5_wget`: Coverage from a fuzzing run on `wget`.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have any ideas, suggestions, or bug reports, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.
